com/minecraft/duels/room/team/Team.java
 com.minecraft.duels.room.team.Team
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/Sumo.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.Sumo
com/minecraft/duels/listener/PlayerListener.java
 com.minecraft.duels.listener.PlayerListener
com/minecraft/duels/util/enums/Items.java
 com.minecraft.duels.util.enums.Items
 com.minecraft.duels.util.enums.Items$1
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/Gladiator.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.Gladiator
com/minecraft/duels/util/visibility/Visibility.java
 com.minecraft.duels.util.visibility.Visibility
com/minecraft/duels/room/generator/VoidGenerator.java
 com.minecraft.duels.room.generator.VoidGenerator
com/minecraft/duels/event/player/UserDeathEvent.java
 com.minecraft.duels.event.player.UserDeathEvent
com/minecraft/duels/Duels.java
 com.minecraft.duels.Duels
com/minecraft/duels/util/FireworkAPI.java
 com.minecraft.duels.util.FireworkAPI
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/Scrim.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.Scrim
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/Simulator.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.Simulator
com/minecraft/duels/user/loader/UserLoader.java
 com.minecraft.duels.user.loader.UserLoader
com/minecraft/duels/map/config/MapConfiguration.java
 com.minecraft.duels.map.config.MapConfiguration
com/minecraft/duels/listener/WorldListener.java
 com.minecraft.duels.listener.WorldListener
com/minecraft/duels/command/DemandCommand.java
 com.minecraft.duels.command.DemandCommand
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/Boxing.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.Boxing
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/Soup.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.Soup
com/minecraft/duels/util/enums/RoomStage.java
 com.minecraft.duels.util.enums.RoomStage
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/GladiatorOld.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.GladiatorOld
com/minecraft/duels/room/Room.java
 com.minecraft.duels.room.Room
com/minecraft/duels/listener/DamageListener.java
 com.minecraft.duels.listener.DamageListener
com/minecraft/duels/listener/ServerListener.java
 com.minecraft.duels.listener.ServerListener
com/minecraft/duels/user/User.java
 com.minecraft.duels.user.User
com/minecraft/duels/user/UserStorage.java
 com.minecraft.duels.user.UserStorage
com/minecraft/duels/room/storage/RoomStorage.java
 com.minecraft.duels.room.storage.RoomStorage
com/minecraft/duels/mode/Mode.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.Mode
com/minecraft/duels/mode/list/UHC.java
 com.minecraft.duels.mode.list.UHC
