com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/EffectsCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.EffectsCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/leaderboard/hologram/LeaderboardHologram.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.leaderboard.hologram.LeaderboardHologram
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerVanishDisableEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerVanishDisableEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/route/BridgeRouteContext.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.route.BridgeRouteContext
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/game/GameQuantity.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.game.GameQuantity
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/StatisticsCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.StatisticsCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.StatisticsCommand$Statistics
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.StatisticsCommand$Statistics$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.StatisticsCommand$Statistics$2
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/data/texture/ItemTexture.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.data.texture.ItemTexture
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ReportsCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ReportsCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/leaderboard/libs/LeaderboardUpdate.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.leaderboard.libs.LeaderboardUpdate
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerHideEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerHideEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/content/SlotIterator.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.SlotIterator
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.SlotIterator$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.SlotIterator$Impl
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.SlotIterator$Type
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/BossbarProvider.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.BossbarProvider
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.BossbarProvider$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/leaderboard/LeaderboardHandler.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.leaderboard.LeaderboardHandler
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/anticheat/modules/list/AutoClick.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.anticheat.modules.list.AutoClick
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.anticheat.modules.list.AutoClick$PlayerClickHistory
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerUpdateTablistEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerUpdateTablistEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/SmartInventory.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.SmartInventory
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.SmartInventory$Builder
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/command/BukkitChildCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.command.BukkitChildCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/opener/ChestInventoryOpener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.opener.ChestInventoryOpener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ExportInventoryCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ExportInventoryCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/listener/SoupListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.listener.SoupListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/BukkitSerialization.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.BukkitSerialization
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/PckgstatCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.PckgstatCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/WhitelistCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.WhitelistCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.WhitelistCommand$Argument
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.WhitelistCommand$Argument$Executor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/route/GameRouteContext.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.route.GameRouteContext
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/game/GameType.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.game.GameType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/leaderboard/libs/LeaderboardData.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.leaderboard.libs.LeaderboardData
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ClanTagCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ClanTagCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/skywars/GameMode.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.skywars.GameMode
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/scheduler/BukkitServerTicker.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.scheduler.BukkitServerTicker
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/opener/SpecialInventoryOpener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.opener.SpecialInventoryOpener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/listener/AccountLoader.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.listener.AccountLoader
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.listener.AccountLoader$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/AlertCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.AlertCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/npc/NPC.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPC
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPC$Equipment
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPC$Equipment$EquipmentBuilder
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPC$Interact
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPC$Interact$ClickType
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPC$NPCBuilder
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/PacketFilterCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.PacketFilterCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/cooldown/CooldownStopEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.cooldown.CooldownStopEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/content/InventoryContents.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.InventoryContents
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.InventoryContents$Impl
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/server/ServerPayloadSendEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.server.ServerPayloadSendEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/utils/ReflectionUtils.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.utils.ReflectionUtils
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/object/VariableValidation.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.object.VariableValidation
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bedwars/FloatingItem.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bedwars.FloatingItem
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bedwars.FloatingItem$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/BukkitInterface.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.BukkitInterface
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/util/Reflections.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.util.Reflections
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.util.Reflections$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.util.Reflections$FieldAccessor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerTeamAssignEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerTeamAssignEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/listener/AntiDamageIndicator.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.listener.AntiDamageIndicator
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ParticleCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ParticleCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/content/Pagination.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.Pagination
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.Pagination$Impl
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/MedalCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.MedalCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/StafflogCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.StafflogCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/leaderboard/libs/EmptyLeaderboard.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.leaderboard.libs.EmptyLeaderboard
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/PrefixtypeCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.PrefixtypeCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/map/rollback/RollbackBlock.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.map.rollback.RollbackBlock
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.map.rollback.RollbackBlock$RollbackType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/utils/MathUtils.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.utils.MathUtils
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/interfaces/BossbarHandler.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.interfaces.BossbarHandler
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/handler/ServerEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.handler.ServerEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/BukkitServerInformationThread.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.BukkitServerInformationThread
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/game/GameStyle.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.game.GameStyle
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/thebridge/GameType.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.thebridge.GameType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/scoreboard/GameScoreboard.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.scoreboard.GameScoreboard
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.scoreboard.GameScoreboard$ObjectiveMode
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.scoreboard.GameScoreboard$ScoreboardAction
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.scoreboard.GameScoreboard$TeamMode
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.scoreboard.GameScoreboard$VersionType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/GetlocationCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.GetlocationCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/ParticleBuilder.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.ParticleBuilder
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/BossbarWither.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.BossbarWither
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/worldedit/Pattern.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.worldedit.Pattern
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/listener/AwayListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.listener.AwayListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ForceskinCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ForceskinCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/converter/VariableConverter.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.converter.VariableConverter
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/scoreboard/AnimatedString.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.scoreboard.AnimatedString
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/map/synthetic/SyntheticLocation.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.map.synthetic.SyntheticLocation
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/skywars/GameType.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.skywars.GameType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/LoopCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LoopCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LoopCommand$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/SkinCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$2
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$3
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$4
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$5
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$6
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$7
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$8
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SkinCommand$9
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/inventory/ReportsInventory.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.ReportsInventory
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/inventory/PreferencesInventory.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.PreferencesInventory
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.PreferencesInventory$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.PreferencesInventory$BukkitPreferences
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/VariableCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.VariableCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/anticheat/modules/Module.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.anticheat.modules.Module
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/hologram/helper/CustomBoundingBox.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.hologram.helper.CustomBoundingBox
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/map/Map.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.map.Map
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/content/SlotPos.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.SlotPos
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/PropertyType.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.PropertyType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/cooldown/type/Cooldown.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.cooldown.type.Cooldown
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/file/FileUtil.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.file.FileUtil
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/route/GameRouteContext.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.route.GameRouteContext
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.route.GameRouteContext$GameRouteContextBuilder
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/anticheat/player/Suspect.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.anticheat.player.Suspect
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/util/NMS.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.util.NMS
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerSoupDrinkEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerSoupDrinkEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/handler/AccountEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.handler.AccountEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/CraftWitherBossbar.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.CraftWitherBossbar
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/whitelist/WhitelistLog.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.whitelist.WhitelistLog
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.whitelist.WhitelistLog$Action
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/CensorCheckCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.CensorCheckCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/scheduler/GameRunnable.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.scheduler.GameRunnable
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/data/color/ParticleColor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.data.color.ParticleColor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/listener/ServerListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.listener.ServerListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/server/RedisPubSubEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.server.RedisPubSubEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/leaderboard/libs/LeaderboardType.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.leaderboard.libs.LeaderboardType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/whitelist/WhitelistData.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.whitelist.WhitelistData
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerCommandTabCompleteEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerCommandTabCompleteEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/data/texture/ParticleTexture.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.data.texture.ParticleTexture
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/handler/CooldownEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.handler.CooldownEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/disguise/PlayerDisguise.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.disguise.PlayerDisguise
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/LobbyCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LobbyCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/map/SignedLocation.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.map.SignedLocation
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/team/Team.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.team.Team
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/worldedit/WorldEditAPI.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.worldedit.WorldEditAPI
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/BukkitGame.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.BukkitGame
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/data/color/RegularColor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.data.color.RegularColor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/server/ServerPayloadReceiveEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.server.ServerPayloadReceiveEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/object/ExecutableVariable.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.object.ExecutableVariable
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/WhisperCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.WhisperCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/hologram/HologramProvider.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.hologram.HologramProvider
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/WordCensor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.WordCensor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/CrashCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.CrashCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/whitelist/Whitelist.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.whitelist.Whitelist
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/listener/DynamicListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.listener.DynamicListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/route/JoinMode.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.route.JoinMode
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/object/Variable.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.object.Variable
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/server/ServerHeartbeatEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.server.ServerHeartbeatEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/item/ItemFactory.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.item.ItemFactory
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/PerfilCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.PerfilCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerUpdateLanguageEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerUpdateLanguageEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/WorldEditCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.WorldEditCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/FollowCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.FollowCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.FollowCommand$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/TpsCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.TpsCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/content/InventoryProvider.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.content.InventoryProvider
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/map/DuplicateMap.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.map.DuplicateMap
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/thebridge/BridgeCageConfig.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.thebridge.BridgeCageConfig
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/protocol/PacketReceiveEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.protocol.PacketReceiveEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/violation/ViolationFeedback.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.violation.ViolationFeedback
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/executor/BukkitCompleterExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.executor.BukkitCompleterExecutor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/npc/NPCListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPCListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ArcadeDevCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ArcadeDevCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/language/BukkitTranslationExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.language.BukkitTranslationExecutor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/TeleportallCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.TeleportallCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.TeleportallCommand$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerShowEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerShowEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/cooldown/CooldownProvider.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.cooldown.CooldownProvider
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.cooldown.CooldownProvider$CooldownListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/thebridge/BridgeCageList.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.thebridge.BridgeCageList
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/executor/BukkitAsynchronouslyExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.executor.BukkitAsynchronouslyExecutor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/ParticleConstants.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.ParticleConstants
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/ParticlePacket.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.ParticlePacket
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/leaderboard/Leaderboard.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.leaderboard.Leaderboard
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/object/SimpleVariable.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.object.SimpleVariable
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerVanishEnableEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerVanishEnableEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/interfaces/BossbarInterface.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.interfaces.BossbarInterface
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/room/RoomStage.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.room.RoomStage
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/opener/InventoryOpener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.opener.InventoryOpener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/object/parameter/NoParameters.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.object.parameter.NoParameters
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/InventoryCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.InventoryCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/cooldown/CooldownStartEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.cooldown.CooldownStartEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/enums/Effects.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.enums.Effects
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/hologram/Hologram.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.hologram.Hologram
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.hologram.Hologram$Interact
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.hologram.Hologram$Interact$ClickType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/player/PlayerMassiveTeleportExecuteEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.player.PlayerMassiveTeleportExecuteEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/TagCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.TagCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/skywars/GameStage.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.skywars.GameStage
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/item/InteractableItem.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.item.InteractableItem
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.item.InteractableItem$Interact
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.item.InteractableItem$InteractAction
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.item.InteractableItem$InteractType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/protocol/PacketSendEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.protocol.PacketSendEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/PreferencesCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.PreferencesCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/violation/AntiCrash.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.violation.AntiCrash
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/violation/MojangCrashTranslations.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.violation.MojangCrashTranslations
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/LanguageCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LanguageCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LanguageCommand$LangMenu
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LanguageCommand$LangMenu$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LanguageCommand$LangMenu$2
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.LanguageCommand$LangMenu$3
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/thebridge/CageRarity.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.thebridge.CageRarity
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/TeleportCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.TeleportCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/hologram/HologramListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.hologram.HologramListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/InventoryService.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.InventoryService
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.InventoryService$InvListener
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.InventoryService$InvTask
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/executor/BukkitCommandExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.executor.BukkitCommandExecutor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/bossbar/Bossbar.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.bossbar.Bossbar
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/ClickableItem.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.ClickableItem
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/GetlogsCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.GetlogsCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/SmiteCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SmiteCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/room/Room.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.room.Room
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/route/PlayMode.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.route.PlayMode
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ChatCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ChatCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/listener/EnchantmentListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.listener.EnchantmentListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/hologram/InfoHologram.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.hologram.InfoHologram
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.hologram.InfoHologram$Updater
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/reflection/FieldHelper.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.reflection.FieldHelper
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/SpeedCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SpeedCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SpeedCommand$SpeedType
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SpeedCommand$SpeedType$Applier
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/map/area/Cuboid.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.map.area.Cuboid
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/command/BukkitContext.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.command.BukkitContext
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/data/ParticleData.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.data.ParticleData
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/ParticleEffect.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.ParticleEffect
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/MydragonCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.MydragonCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.MydragonCommand$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/compression/WinRAR.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.compression.WinRAR
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.compression.WinRAR$1
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/item/InteractableItemListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.item.InteractableItemListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/loader/VariableLoader.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.loader.VariableLoader
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/protocol/PacketListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.protocol.PacketListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/InfoCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.InfoCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/arcade/ArcadeGame.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.arcade.ArcadeGame
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/VanishCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.VanishCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/redis/BukkitRedisPubSub.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.redis.BukkitRedisPubSub
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/variable/VariableStorage.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.variable.VariableStorage
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/BukkitServerStorage.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.BukkitServerStorage
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/hologram/HologramLine.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.hologram.HologramLine
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/ProfileCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ProfileCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ProfileCommand$ProfileMenu
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ProfileCommand$ProfileMenu$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ProfileCommand$ProfileMenu$2
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.ProfileCommand$ProfileMenu$3
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/platform/BukkitPlatformValidator.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.platform.BukkitPlatformValidator
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/anticheat/AntiCheat.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.anticheat.AntiCheat
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/selector/InventoryListener.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.selector.InventoryListener
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/server/duels/DuelType.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.server.duels.DuelType
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/command/BukkitCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.command.BukkitCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/worldedit/WorldEditProvider.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.worldedit.WorldEditProvider
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.worldedit.WorldEditProvider$1
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.worldedit.WorldEditProvider$Position
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/reflection/ClassHandler.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.reflection.ClassHandler
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/NickCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.NickCommand
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.NickCommand$Argument
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.NickCommand$Executor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/inventory/Selector.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.Selector
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.Selector$Builder
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.Selector$Holder
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.inventory.Selector$Updater
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/command/BukkitFrame.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.command.BukkitFrame
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/data/color/NoteColor.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.data.color.NoteColor
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/protocol/PacketInjector.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.protocol.PacketInjector
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/SudoCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.SudoCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/vanish/Vanish.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.vanish.Vanish
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/npc/NPCProvider.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.npc.NPCProvider
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/event/cooldown/CooldownFinishEvent.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.event.cooldown.CooldownFinishEvent
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/scoreboard/GameScoreboardReflection.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.scoreboard.GameScoreboardReflection
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/reflection/Info.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.reflection.Info
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/command/GamemodeCommand.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.command.GamemodeCommand
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/particle/data/texture/BlockTexture.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.particle.data.texture.BlockTexture
com/minecraft/core/bukkit/util/reflection/ReflectionUtils.java
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.reflection.ReflectionUtils
 com.minecraft.core.bukkit.util.reflection.ReflectionUtils$1
