com/minecraft/core/util/geodata/AddressData.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.geodata.AddressData
com/minecraft/core/database/mysql/MySQLProperties.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.mysql.MySQLProperties
com/minecraft/core/util/MessageUtil.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.MessageUtil
com/minecraft/core/command/exception/NoSuchConverterException.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.exception.NoSuchConverterException
com/minecraft/core/command/platform/Platform.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.platform.Platform
com/minecraft/core/database/mysql/MySQL.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.mysql.MySQL
com/minecraft/core/util/skin/util/CustomProperty.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.skin.util.CustomProperty
com/minecraft/core/command/annotation/Optional.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.annotation.Optional
com/minecraft/core/translation/TranslationExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.translation.TranslationExecutor
com/minecraft/core/util/anticheat/information/Information.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.anticheat.information.Information
com/minecraft/core/database/HttpRequest.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$1
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$10
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$2
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$3
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$4
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$5
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$6
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$7
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$8
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$9
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$Base64
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$CloseOperation
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory$1
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$FlushOperation
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$HttpRequestException
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$Operation
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$RequestOutputStream
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$UploadProgress
 com.minecraft.core.database.HttpRequest$UploadProgress$1
com/minecraft/core/database/enums/Columns.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.enums.Columns
com/minecraft/core/database/data/DataStorage.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.data.DataStorage
com/minecraft/core/command/argument/AdapterMap.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.argument.AdapterMap
com/minecraft/core/command/command/CommandInfo.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.command.CommandInfo
 com.minecraft.core.command.command.CommandInfo$CommandInfoBuilder
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/PermissionData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.PermissionData
com/minecraft/core/command/argument/Argument.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.argument.Argument
 com.minecraft.core.command.argument.Argument$ArgumentBuilder
com/minecraft/core/translation/Language.java
 com.minecraft.core.translation.Language
com/minecraft/core/database/mojang/request/list/MojangVanillaAPI.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.mojang.request.list.MojangVanillaAPI
com/minecraft/core/server/ServerType.java
 com.minecraft.core.server.ServerType
com/minecraft/core/database/mojang/MojangAPI.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.mojang.MojangAPI
 com.minecraft.core.database.mojang.MojangAPI$Name
com/minecraft/core/util/geodata/DataResolver.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.geodata.DataResolver
 com.minecraft.core.util.geodata.DataResolver$1
com/minecraft/core/account/fields/MedalList.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.fields.MedalList
com/minecraft/core/util/updater/PluginUpdater.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.updater.PluginUpdater
com/minecraft/core/Constants.java
 com.minecraft.core.Constants
com/minecraft/core/server/packet/ServerListPacket.java
 com.minecraft.core.server.packet.ServerListPacket
 com.minecraft.core.server.packet.ServerListPacket$ServerInfo
com/minecraft/core/command/argument/eval/ArgumentEvaluator.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.argument.eval.ArgumentEvaluator
com/minecraft/core/enums/Rank.java
 com.minecraft.core.enums.Rank
 com.minecraft.core.enums.Rank$Category
com/minecraft/core/database/data/Data.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.data.Data
com/minecraft/core/enums/Medal.java
 com.minecraft.core.enums.Medal
com/minecraft/core/account/system/UnloadTask.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.system.UnloadTask
com/minecraft/core/punish/Punish.java
 com.minecraft.core.punish.Punish
com/minecraft/core/util/StringTimeUtils.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.StringTimeUtils
 com.minecraft.core.util.StringTimeUtils$Type
com/minecraft/core/clan/member/role/Role.java
 com.minecraft.core.clan.member.role.Role
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/RankData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.RankData
com/minecraft/core/clan/Clan.java
 com.minecraft.core.clan.Clan
com/minecraft/core/command/util/ArrayUtil.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.util.ArrayUtil
com/minecraft/core/clan/service/ClanService.java
 com.minecraft.core.clan.service.ClanService
com/minecraft/core/command/argument/TypeAdapter.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.argument.TypeAdapter
com/minecraft/core/account/fields/ClanTagList.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.fields.ClanTagList
com/minecraft/core/server/ServerCategory.java
 com.minecraft.core.server.ServerCategory
 com.minecraft.core.server.ServerCategory$ServerFinder
com/minecraft/core/command/platform/PlatformValidator.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.platform.PlatformValidator
com/minecraft/core/util/anticheat/report/Complaint.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.anticheat.report.Complaint
com/minecraft/core/server/packet/ServerPayload.java
 com.minecraft.core.server.packet.ServerPayload
com/minecraft/core/database/enums/Tables.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.enums.Tables
com/minecraft/core/party/PartyStorage.java
 com.minecraft.core.party.PartyStorage
com/minecraft/core/command/command/Context.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.command.Context
com/minecraft/core/enums/PrefixType.java
 com.minecraft.core.enums.PrefixType
 com.minecraft.core.enums.PrefixType$Formatter
com/minecraft/core/util/anticheat/AntiCheatAlert.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.anticheat.AntiCheatAlert
com/minecraft/core/database/mojang/request/API.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.mojang.request.API
com/minecraft/core/command/executor/CommandExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.executor.CommandExecutor
com/minecraft/core/util/ranking/RankingFactory.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.ranking.RankingFactory
com/minecraft/core/account/root/RemoteAccount.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.root.RemoteAccount
com/minecraft/core/database/redis/Redis.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.redis.Redis
com/minecraft/core/command/executor/CompleterExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.executor.CompleterExecutor
com/minecraft/core/command/annotation/Completer.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.annotation.Completer
com/minecraft/core/punish/PunishCategory.java
 com.minecraft.core.punish.PunishCategory
com/minecraft/core/account/Account.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.Account
com/minecraft/core/database/redis/RedisPubSub.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.redis.RedisPubSub
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/ClanTagData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.ClanTagData
com/minecraft/core/enums/Clantag.java
 com.minecraft.core.enums.Clantag
com/minecraft/core/translation/TranslationInterface.java
 com.minecraft.core.translation.TranslationInterface
com/minecraft/core/database/mojang/request/list/PlayerDatabaseAPI.java
 com.minecraft.core.database.mojang.request.list.PlayerDatabaseAPI
com/minecraft/core/server/ServerStorage.java
 com.minecraft.core.server.ServerStorage
com/minecraft/core/server/Server.java
 com.minecraft.core.server.Server
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/SkinData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.SkinData
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.SkinData$Source
com/minecraft/core/clan/communication/ClanIntegrationMessage.java
 com.minecraft.core.clan.communication.ClanIntegrationMessage
 com.minecraft.core.clan.communication.ClanIntegrationMessage$ClanIntegrationMessageBuilder
 com.minecraft.core.clan.communication.ClanIntegrationMessage$MessageCause
com/minecraft/core/enums/Ranking.java
 com.minecraft.core.enums.Ranking
com/minecraft/core/account/system/AccountDeposit.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.system.AccountDeposit
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/MedalData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.MedalData
com/minecraft/core/account/fields/Property.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.fields.Property
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/TagData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.TagData
com/minecraft/core/account/fields/Preference.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.fields.Preference
com/minecraft/core/command/CommandList.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.CommandList
com/minecraft/core/command/command/CommandHolder.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.command.CommandHolder
com/minecraft/core/util/ranking/RankingTarget.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.ranking.RankingTarget
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/LogData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.LogData
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.LogData$Type
com/minecraft/core/command/util/StringUtil.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.util.StringUtil
com/minecraft/core/payload/ServerRedirect.java
 com.minecraft.core.payload.ServerRedirect
 com.minecraft.core.payload.ServerRedirect$Route
com/minecraft/core/util/ranking/RankingHandler.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.ranking.RankingHandler
com/minecraft/core/party/Party.java
 com.minecraft.core.party.Party
com/minecraft/core/command/annotation/Command.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.annotation.Command
com/minecraft/core/account/datas/KitData.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.datas.KitData
com/minecraft/core/account/fields/Flag.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.fields.Flag
com/minecraft/core/command/exception/CommandException.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.exception.CommandException
com/minecraft/core/util/skin/SkinSubcategory.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.skin.SkinSubcategory
com/minecraft/core/util/DateUtils.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.DateUtils
 com.minecraft.core.util.DateUtils$Style
com/minecraft/core/util/communication/AccountRankUpdateData.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.communication.AccountRankUpdateData
 com.minecraft.core.util.communication.AccountRankUpdateData$Action
com/minecraft/core/util/skin/SkinCategory.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.skin.SkinCategory
com/minecraft/core/account/AccountExecutor.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.AccountExecutor
com/minecraft/core/clan/member/Member.java
 com.minecraft.core.clan.member.Member
com/minecraft/core/account/AccountStorage.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.AccountStorage
com/minecraft/core/command/message/MessageType.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.message.MessageType
 com.minecraft.core.command.message.MessageType$1
 com.minecraft.core.command.message.MessageType$2
 com.minecraft.core.command.message.MessageType$3
 com.minecraft.core.command.message.MessageType$4
com/minecraft/core/enums/Tag.java
 com.minecraft.core.enums.Tag
com/minecraft/core/command/argument/eval/MethodEvaluator.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.argument.eval.MethodEvaluator
com/minecraft/core/clan/invite/Invite.java
 com.minecraft.core.clan.invite.Invite
 com.minecraft.core.clan.invite.Invite$Status
com/minecraft/core/account/fields/TagList.java
 com.minecraft.core.account.fields.TagList
com/minecraft/core/punish/PunishType.java
 com.minecraft.core.punish.PunishType
com/minecraft/core/translation/PropertiesStorageDataTranslation.java
 com.minecraft.core.translation.PropertiesStorageDataTranslation
 com.minecraft.core.translation.PropertiesStorageDataTranslation$SortedProperties
com/minecraft/core/command/CommandFrame.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.CommandFrame
com/minecraft/core/command/CommandInfoIterator.java
 com.minecraft.core.command.CommandInfoIterator
com/minecraft/core/util/skin/Skin.java
 com.minecraft.core.util.skin.Skin
