com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/util/GameConfiguration.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.util.GameConfiguration
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/user/User.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.user.User
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/list/None.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.list.None
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/list/Archer.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.list.Archer
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.list.Archer$Skill
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.list.Archer$Skill$Applier
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/event/user/LivingUserDieEvent.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.event.user.LivingUserDieEvent
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.event.user.LivingUserDieEvent$DieCause
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/object/CooldownType.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.object.CooldownType
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/command/KitCommand.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.command.KitCommand
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/listeners/ServerListeners.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.listeners.ServerListeners
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.listeners.ServerListeners$1
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/util/GameStorage.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.util.GameStorage
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/list/Fps.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.list.Fps
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/command/BuildCommand.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.command.BuildCommand
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/object/KitCategory.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.object.KitCategory
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/util/GameMetadata.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.GameMetadata
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/event/user/LivingUserLostProtectionEvent.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.event.user.LivingUserLostProtectionEvent
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/list/Lava.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.list.Lava
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/user/object/CombatTag.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.user.object.CombatTag
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/util/selector/Chooser.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.selector.Chooser
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.selector.Chooser$1
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.selector.Chooser$2
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.selector.Chooser$Sort
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.selector.Chooser$Sort$Shorter
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/user/loader/UserLoader.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.user.loader.UserLoader
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/util/GameType.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.util.GameType
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/PvP.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.PvP
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/listeners/DamageListener.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.listeners.DamageListener
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/event/user/LivingUserInteractEvent.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.event.user.LivingUserInteractEvent
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/listeners/DeathListeners.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.listeners.DeathListeners
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/list/Berserker.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.list.Berserker
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/util/Assistance.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.Assistance
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/command/SpawnCommand.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.command.SpawnCommand
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/KitStorage.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.KitStorage
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/Kit.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.Kit
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/Game.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.Game
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/listeners/SignListener.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.listeners.SignListener
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/list/Arena.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.list.Arena
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/kit/list/Anchor.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.kit.list.Anchor
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/game/list/Damage.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.game.list.Damage
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/command/KillCommand.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.command.KillCommand
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/util/EventUtils.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.util.EventUtils
com/minecraft/arcade/pvp/user/UserStorage.java
 com.minecraft.arcade.pvp.user.UserStorage
